update role "Money Matters" change purpose to
"Responsible handling of Courage Labs' money" and
remove accountability
"Establishing mechanisms by which Members can contribute income" and
add accountability
"Establishing mechanisms by which Partners can contribute income" and
add accountability
"Maintaining a budget accessible to all Partners that they can view and change themselves"
and add accountability
"Reviewing the budget quarterly and notifying Partners of any risk and potential mitigation strategies"
and add domain "Budget".

create role "Taxes" with purpose "Keeping us square with the government" and
accountabilities "Paying taxes on income",
"Filing taxes before the corporate deadline",
"Sending K-1 statements in time for Partners to file their taxes" and
domain "Taxes".

create role "Spokesperson" with purpose "Engagement with the outside world" and
accountabilities "Keeping the website up-to-date with what we're doing",
"Posting to the blog when we do cool stuff",
"Routing requests from the outside world to the appropriate Role(s)",
"Reminding Partners what our story is so they can communicate it properly"
and domain "All non-personal external communications media".

update role "Spokesperson" rename to "Ambassador".

convert role "Software Tools" into a circle.

update circle "Software Tools" add accountability
"Producing a governance tool that Courage Labs can use in place of Glassfrog".

strike policy "Income from Services".

define policy "Income Generated By Partners" as
"If a Partner creates a flow of income, they may decide how that income is
allocated to Member accounts, less a 5% fee for Organization expenses.".

define policy "Organizational Expenses" as
"Any member may spend any money for organizational purposes on a one-time or
recurring manner, so long as:
 1. They review the existing budget,
 2. They add a line item for their expense to the budget,
 3. Adding the line item won't cause the Organization to run out of money in the
    next year, and
 4. They notify the company that the new expense has been added.".

strike policy "Expenses".

define policy "Partner Expenses" as
"Any Partner may spend any money in their own account to further any of their
existing Roles so long as doing so won't jeopardize any existing
organization-wide budget line item or cause their Member Account Balance to
go below zero.".

define policy "Governance Outside of Meetings" as
"Any governance proposal in any Circle made via the mechanism specified in
section 3.4 of the Constitution is automatically adopted as formal governance if:
 1. The proposal is emailed to all Circle Members at their Courage Labs
    e-mail account, and
 2. That Circle's Secretary doesn't receive a response with any Objections
    within 96 hours.".

define policy "Income Generated By Circles" as
"If a Circle creates a flow of income, it may decide how that income is
allocated to Member accounts in its Governance meeting, less a 5% fee for
Organization expenses.".

-- Other outcomes that aren't actual governance:
--
-- Invite Bill Finn to be a partner
-- The Operating Agreement is back-dated to January 1, 2015
-- Steve Mondozzi is assigned to Taxes
-- Strategy is changed to: Prefer projects that generate income.  Of those
--   projects prefer generating income through passive means over generating
--   income through direct means
-- Stephen Starkey is assigned to Lead Link of Software Tools
